# petulant-life

A Clojure application to do cool visual game-of-life stuff that's also reactive
to music and sounds.

## General Gameplan

We'll quantize the sound wavelengths that we're getting into about four or
five steps. Each of these quantizations will influence a separate
layer of game of life and correspond to a different color. Then the
visualization will be created by merging the different layers of the
game of life in some manner to create more color variations.

## Ideas

* Have color palettes (consult some kind of graphical designer/color person).
  The palettes don't have to be the result of solely math operations, they
  could be generated by a pre-defined mapping as well.
* Have sequences of colors that would be moved through based on the length
  of time that a cell has been alive or dead.
* We don't have to map Life cells direcly to pixels!

## Todos:

### Visuals

* *petulant-life.rendering* - Implement `loadShaderProgram` - **DONE** - (though,
the more up-to-date version is in `petulant-life.shader`)
* *petulant-life.rendering* - Implement `drawVAO` - **DONE**
* *petulant-life.rendering* - Get shaders mixing well with the vertex arrays.

### Game of Life

* *petulant-life.life* - Implement multi-layered Game-of-Life stuff

## Usage

*Assumes you have lein installed. If you don't and you're trying to work with
Clojure, you're gonna have a bad time.*

```bash
# To download.
>$ git clone http://github.com/crockeo/petulant-life.git
>$ cd petulant-life
>$ lein <stuff>
```

## License

Copyright © 2014 Cerek Hillen, Geoff Shannon

Distributed under the MIT License.
